We've made it to the most important
video of 2025 for anybody that's in
e-commerce. Today, we're talking about
Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Q4 success.
Q4 is the most important time in
e-commerce, and it's not even close. If
you mess up your Q4, you mess up your
whole entire year. It is so important
that you get this right. So, that's why
I put together this video and guide on
how to absolutely shatter your records
for Q4 this year in 2025. Because I'm
going to be honest with you, a lot has
changed from 2025 to 2024. We can't just
run the same strategies and expect to
have the same success. there's a lot
more competition and the whole marketing
landscape has shifted with AI. If you
aren't properly preparing, you are going
to be left in the dust. So today, I'll
be walking through the Black Friday
Cyber Monday guide that I've helped
generate over $100 million in e-commerce
sales with. Let's just get right into
it. All right, so this is the Q4
e-commerce blueprint, your road map. You
can see some of the success that we had
last year in November. We can see
attributed revenue, email 62%,
unattributed revenue 38% for this brand.
We can see the massive jump. So here's
some Black Friday Cyber Monday results
just from last year. For context, I run
a premier email and SMS agency. We've
worked with over 200 different brands.
So, we just need to start off by
understanding where we at with Q4 this
year. Q4 is going to be a profit blood
bath for many, many brands. Every year,
the cost of CPMs on ads is just rising
and more competition is entering the
market. If you increase ad CPMs and then
also include that you're going to have
massive discounts for Black Friday,
Cyber Monday, what that means is lower
profit. You're paying more to get people
and then you're given much higher
discounts. It's a lot less for you to
take home. I've talked to many, many
brands who end up breaking even or even
losing money in Black Friday, Cyber
Monday, even more in 2024 than I've seen
ever. What this tells us is that if you
are not properly prepping for Q4, you
may get some sexy revenue numbers, but
you might get shitty profit numbers. We
need to understand that ads are great
for acquisition, especially during this
time. You can get as many eyeballs that
you want, but they're not great for
profit given their price. If you're
depending on paid traffic to carry your
Black Friday, Cyber Monday sales, you
are playing the most expensive game in
e-commerce. We can look at some of the
CPMs. This was just last year. We can
see a couple different industries right
here what it looks like. So you can see
August at the time of posting this it is
August 14th. This is really when we
start to see the uptick. So we start to
see a trend upwards. It's going to get
even more expensive. And once we hit
November, even October we really see a
big spike. Then November we can see this
massive surge in that Black Friday,
Cyber Monday period. And you can see
January way down here. So literally we
will have a 50% increase in your CPM
costs which is why we need to focus on
these pillars to a highly profitable Q4.
We don't care about the revenue, we want
profit. So the first pillar is we want
strong stacked offers that actually
convert. Your offers are going to carry
a lot of the load in this time period.
So we want clear, simple, and compelling
offers for everything. We want to stack
them. So for early access, Black Friday,
Cyber Monday, and then also the
giftgiving periods. Pillar number two is
we need a big warmed up owned audience.
We'll talk about this a little bit, but
your email and SMS lists are your
leverage and they are your profit engine
in Q4. And we can't just have a small
list. We need to make sure we have a big
list. We can't just have any list. We
need to have a warmed up list who's
ready to buy. So, that's what we're
going to be talking about today, as well
as a strategic email and SMS execution
plan. We need pre-built flows, high
converting campaigns, daily messages to
send out, and timing that matches
consumer behavior. This is what we need.
And as a bonus, make sure you have
operational readiness. We can't have
your logistic break when traffic spikes,
inventory, fulfillment, support, sight
speed. Make sure all that is locked in.
But really, what I'm trying to say here
is email and SMS are the key to a
profitable BFCM. They are pretty much
the only way to have a profitable Black
Friday, Cyber Monday. Paid ads drive the
traffic, but email and SMS drive the
profit. Couple reasons why. Well, number
one, you're owned lists. You have zero
acquisition cost once you have them.
Once you have somebody's email or phone
number, you don't really have to pay
again. You have their info and you can
always send them stuff. The ROI is just
unmatched. Email averages a 41x ROI and
SMS converts 5 to 10 times higher than
cold traffic. You have a gold mine just
in your list. Number three, your ad
costs are going to absolutely skyrocket,
which we went over. While email and SMS
stay cheap. Number four, you control the
channel. There's no bidding wars.
There's no algorithms. You can just hit
the inbox or the phone directly.
Meanwhile, imagine if Zuckerberg put in
some extra regulations before Black
Friday, Cyber Monday this year. It could
completely destroy your year. Then also
high visibility. SMS has 98% open rates
and email gets 40 to 60% open rates. If
you want people, your list are people
who already know, like, and trust you.
With email and SMS, when you click send,
you're pretty much guaranteeing that
almost everybody's going to see your
message. For example, this brand had a
$3,000 monthly Clavio bill in November,
and their revenue right here was
$585,000.
That is 195x ROI. Crazy. and 62% of
their revenue in November came from
email alone. That is because they had a
massive warmedup list ready to buy.
These numbers just simply are not
possible off of ads. So, the first real
section I want to talk about here are
your offers in the schedule, which could
be the most important part of your
strategy because most brands lose Q4
before it even starts. Not because their
product sucks and not because their
emails don't send cuz they're sending
emails. It's because their offers are
weak, unclear, or timed incorrectly. In
a second, I'm going to be giving you the
exact schedule and offer structure that
the top brands use to drive six to seven
figure profit in single days. So, first
we just need to understand what are the
main dates for this season. I created
this calendar right here for the 2025
holiday season relevant dates. We have
Veterans Day, Thanksgiving falls on the
27th, Black Friday on the 28th, Small
Business Saturday, and Cyber Monday is
actually fully in December this year.
Starts on the 1st. I also have these
shipping cutoff dates. So, we have
standard shipping cutoff. So, if you
want to get your gift by Christmas, you
have to buy by the 15th. We always like
to push urgency on these days. and then
priority shipping by Christmas cutoff
and then overnight shipping by Christmas
cut off. So those are some relevant
dates and this peak buying window is
going to be from November 22nd right up
until December 2nd. That 10day stretch
is going to be the peak buying window
and it always is. So make sure we have
warm-up offers and lists by November
11th to 17th. And the one thing that we
really need to understand is that we
need to be stacking different offers for
our Q4. Most brands just run the same
offer for two weeks straight. Now this
just does not convert as well as having
different offers for the different time
periods. So, let me explain this. So, if
you just have one offer for Black
Friday, Cyber Monday, say it's like 25%
off sitewide, we are going to have a ton
of offer fatigue on days 7 through 14
after we're sending emails every day
being like 25% off, 25% off. After the
first week, nobody's really going to be
engaging and nobody's really going to be
buying because they've already seen this
for a week. And so, the engagement is
going to go down on these emails cuz
people are seeing so many different
offers across every single brand because
every single brand is sending messages
in this time period. So, we need to give
them dopamine. We need to give them
different. What's super important to
understand as well is that there's just
lower urgency. If we're running this
offer for 14 days, you only get one like
last chance push on days 13 to 14. We
know that people buy when we're like
last chance. This expires tonight or
expires tomorrow. If we have different
offers in that period, we can have
multiple different peaks. And also, we
get very low repeat purchases. Nobody
wants to buy the same offer twice.
Meanwhile, if you have different offers,
people could like that offer and then
you point a new offer and they're like,
"Oh my gosh, let me buy again." So,
that's really the effects of running
multiple offers. We're going to keep our
list engaged across two to three weeks
because each new offer gives people a
reason to open, click, surf the website,
see what they can save, and buy again.
And as I said, we're going to create
multiple urgency peaks because instead
of just having one last chance push, if
we run different sales every 4 days,
then we every 4 days, we can have
absolute last chance buy now. And so
that is built-in urgency just right
there. When our offers end, we're going
to be able to reactivate buyers for
different conversion windows. If
somebody missed Black Friday or they
didn't like the offer, then we can have
Cyber Monday or our gifting offers which
will give them a second or third chance.
We're going to be able to get more
repeat purchases with different offers
because people will buy off different
offers. We have different incentives to
get them to come back again. And by
having different offers, we can hit
people with different preferences.
Psychologically, some people prefer
different discounts and some just hit
better for them. Some customers like
percent off whereas some like to have a
bundle or some sort of bulk offer. By
having different offers for different
time periods, you can hit every customer
segment's preferences. This also lets
you test angles and positionings so that
you can apply this for next year. So try
bundles, gifts, percent off, tiered
spend, learn what works best for your
audience and you can run that for all of
2026, whatever one converts the best.
And then increase your brand perceived
value and energy. Nobody just wants like
20% off and have fake urgency by having
different stuff. You seem fun and this
will keep people subscribed to your list
because they always want to be prepared
for the next offer. And so this is the
phased offer structure that I recommend
and I'm going to be rolling out for my
brands. This is the timeline that I am
going with. So, we have early access
from November 13th to the 24th. Now,
remember that Black Friday is on the
28th. Early access, we just want to be
very similar to our Black Friday offer,
but it's going to be less value. We want
Black Friday to really be the home run
here. So, in order to get people to buy
in this period, we need to just position
the offer as exclusive and early access.
We want to push on the benefit of being
early. Get your Christmas gifting out of
the way. Get guaranteed shipping. It's
going to be crazy in Black Friday, Cyber
Monday. There's going to be delays. If
you buy now, you can skip all of that.
Then, also guaranteed stock. That's
going to be a huge one. Hey, we're going
to be making a huge push for Black
Friday, Cyber Monday. So, we wanted to
let our email list know that if you want
to make sure that you have stock on our
best sellers, then you should buy now
because last year we sold out. So,
something like that is always going to
work really, really well. And this is
how we can capitalize on the full month
of gifting and not force people to wait
for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And then
we're going to have a couple days of
break before we launch our Black Friday,
the day before Thanksgiving on the 26th.
Now, remember, Black Friday is actually
on the 28th. We want this to be our main
offer, our best, and most sitewide deal.
And we want to run this for 4 days. We
want it to be simple, clear, and easy to
understand. And I'll be going over some
of the offers, and it should feel like
the core event because it's the biggest
time of the year. This rolls us straight
into Cyber Monday/Cyberweek if you want
to do that. We want to change the angle
or add a twist to this offer, something
like a free gift or add a new product
drop, add an extra percent off, add in
some more bundles, something like this.
We just want to re-engage people who
ignored or missed Black Friday or they
didn't like the offer. And we really
want to focus on gift giving for the
holidays. And if you have some sort of
like giving back sort of thing, Giving
Tuesday is on December 2nd. I see some
brands do that as well. And then once
Cyber Monday ends, we want to go hard on
gift giving and then have different
offers for gift giving to get people to
buy for Christmas. Focus on AOV boosts
and upsells before that ties us into
another like sort of gifting angle, but
this is our last chance holiday gifting
for the 15th through the 21st. And we
just want to hit all of the shipping
time delays. So these are just natural
urgency drivers. I typically would like
to do like free shipping for these days.
Offer can stay the same if you want to,
but just make sure that you send an
email and a text message on these days
cuz people just need urgency. So
December 15th cut off for standard,
December 19th for priority, and December
21st for express. So we have these
different schedules. We're going to be
going over how often you should send
emails and whatnot. But once we have
this timeline, what offers do we
actually do? So this is what makes
offers that convert. One needs to be
simple and easy to understand. We can't
make this cryptic. We can't make it so
much work for the customer. Every little
piece of friction is going to reduce our
conversions. So simple and easy to
understand. We need to add urgency on
our offer. We need it to be a limited
time sort of thing. We need to protect
our margins. So obviously we don't want
to do like 80% off. And most
importantly, we need it to feel special
and we need it to be different from what
we've ran over the past year. If you
just did a buy 1 get one free offer in
September, you can't do the same exact
offer in November. We need this to be
special if we want people to actually
buy. So some examples, it's going to be
different for every brand. You could do
sitewide custom markdowns. If you have a
lot of skews on your website, you could
do that or you can do what I like to do
in this time period is to do markdowns
plus like 20% off or whatever. It gets
people to view the website and see what
the markdowns are and then they also get
an extra bonus. Store credit is a good
one as well. So, it's kind of just like
a dollar off sort of offer, but framing
it as store credit. You've tiered
discounts. This is a common one that a
lot of brands will do. So, spend $100,
get 20% off. Spend $200, get 30% off,
yada yada yada. That's great, too. I
love the free gift with purchase. Or you
can always do like 10% off plus you'll
get this on orders over $100 plus.
That's a great one. Of course, we have
buy 1 get one, which is typically the
best one. And if you have the ability to
do BOGO or buy one get two, whatever it
is, buy two get one, those sort of stuff
work really well. Then you have bundle
offers as well. So doing like sort of
bulk things as well, maybe bundling
different products together as like a
gift giving pack. These are offers that
work really well. So now let's look at
some brands, what they did in 2024. So
this is Breeze right here. They're one
of the fastest growing brands in the
space right now, doing over 3 mil a
month. And this is what they did. They
started Black Friday very similar to
like what I would recommend on the early
access. They started this early access
on the 12th through the 28th. And what
they did was $15 store credit. So super
simple offer. I love how simple this is.
They didn't try to make it some like
crazy extravagant thing. Just $15 store
credit. Instead of saying $15 off, they
said store credit. Psychologically, I've
seen that work better because it feels
like we're giving the customer something
out of our pocket. That just holds more
weight. So, I love that. But the really
thing that I like here is adding a
lifetime supply giveaway for a random
person who buys. It's just an extra
little oomph to try to get somebody to
cross the line before waiting for Black
Friday or Cyber Monday. And so what they
said in this early access offer in this
email when they officially launch it is
our biggest offer ever. Yes, they're
going to have a bigger offer for Black
Friday, Cyber Monday, but they say this
is our biggest offer ever. That's
completely fine to say that. They add
this copy plus each purchase entries you
to win a lifetime supply of Breeze.
That's great. They talk about stocking
up. Boom. Super simple and easy. And
they sent emails just like this before
they actually started their Black Friday
Cyber Monday on Black Friday. So they
didn't start it early. I would recommend
you start it early, but they actually
launched it the same day and they ran it
throughout December 3rd. So through
Cyber Monday, it was $25 credit plus
free shipping on orders over $100. So
you can see that this was their original
Black Friday email. Save $25 sitewide.
We're absolutely blown away by your
support. And so to say thank you, giving
our largest offer ever. So it's $25 off
just a raised discount from their early
access. From there, they then switch to
holiday bundles where you could get
literally up to $180 off. So really AOV
boosting right here in gift offers. And
during this time period, they're really
talking about celebrating for the
holidays with family, gift giving, and
also like dry January coming up. So you
can see like the different packs that
they're doing and the dollar offers for
these time periods. And then they did
last minute digital gift cards for last
minute shoppers. If you can do digital
gift cards, definitely definitely
recommend this so that you can do like
some last minute gifts right here. And
then they reused the same bundles for
kind of like the Christmas and then New
Year's Eve period, which is going to be
big for a alcoholic alternative. So,
they layered different offers. They used
urgency, and they kept things really,
really simple. That's my biggest thing
that I want you to take away. So, next,
let's go into Dr. Squatch, which I'm
sure you've heard of. They're kind of
one of the most known brands in the ecom
space. And they started real early with
their holiday pushing October 27th all
the way to November 27th. So, right up
until Black Friday, they were pushing
holiday bundles, so specific dollar off
plus double loyalty points on purchases.
So, if we look at this email right here,
you get double loyalty points and then t
the season for bundles. So all
throughout November, starting out in
October even, they're doing these bundle
offers right here. So this is $5 off,
$21 off, $19, $20, 23, 12. And it's
really focused on the holidays here in
gifting, which I think is super
interesting. It must work really well
for them. So they really pushed these.
And then similar to Breeze, they started
on November 29th, which was Black Friday
as well. And they ran their offer
throughout Cyber Monday and Cyber Week.
Cyber Monday was on December 1st, but
they actually ran this like almost
throughout the whole week. So they did
custom markdowns on every single item on
the store and so you had to browse the
store to see what items were discounted
and then also they did bundle offers and
then they also did this tiered sort of
discount. So they say save up to 55% off
but really this is kind of a tiered
discount cuz what they do is they did
free shipping on orders $40 plus. So if
you spent $40 then free shipping and
then after that you spend $15 more now
you get an extra 20% off. You spend
another $15 it's 35% off orders $70
plus. No code needed. This is just
automatically applied on their website
and I like that. Keeps things super
simple for the customer. And then they
really didn't push any offers after
that. They really didn't do much gift
giving until they pushed from the 17th
through the 18th and then the 20th to
the 22nd. So free two-day shipping. I
love this as an offer as like a last
chance sort of gifts for the holidays. I
think that this is great. Free two-day
shipping on order $65 plus. And then
they also had those like holiday gifting
bundles still available for their
discounts on the website. And then they
had this up to 50% off plus free
shipping sale for one weekend. They did
December 20th to 22nd. The issue I have
with this is that I think that this was
just a little bit too late. I would run
this kind of like December 10th because
if somebody bought right now, they
wouldn't be able to get this before
Christmas. But overall, lots of cool
stuff here. A little bit confusing and
complex, but this is still good
execution. Next, let's go into Gym
Shark. So, they do offer tiers by the
different time periods. So, they did an
early early access and then an early
access and then Black Friday Cyber
Monday. So, November 14th to 21st early
access up to 70% markdowns. It's right
here. up to 70% off everything. So, just
go to the website and then you can find
what discounts you want after that. They
kept the 70% off and then an extra 20%
off. So, for early access, they did it
for about 72 hours right here. They said
in less than 24 hours, but they ran it
for a couple days. So, feel free to do
that. Before then, Black Friday/Cyber
Monday the 29th through the 5th, they
did an extra 25% off. So, they kept the
markdowns, but they just updated the
different offers. And then for their
gift giving push, the only offer they
did was a quick free shipping holiday
push, which is right here. I think that
this is a super simple execution plan
for any brand that has a lot of SKs and
is in clothing. This is probably the
direction that I would go with sort of
like sitewide markdowns. And then we
have Hydro Flask where they have a lot
of stuff going on. Again, they do an
early access offer and run it for about
2 weeks. They do 25% off set items plus
free engraving on bottles. So, you could
buy they had all sorts of different
emails going out like it's 25% off of My
Hydro and they also did like free
engravings and all sorts of different
stuff. And then on Thanksgiving, the day
before Black Friday going into Cyber
Monday, they launched their main offer,
which is 25% off sitewide. Plus, if you
wanted to do Tumblr, then you could get
40% off that specific item, but pretty
much 25% off sitewide. Then December 2nd
to 3rd for Cyber Monday, they did a up
to 50% off website, Cyber Monday
special, custom markdowns on the website
as like a last little push here before
they started their 12 days of Hydro
Flask where this is a new offer every
single day. You can see some of these
emails, different products on sale every
day. Now, this is a lot. It's definitely
fun. I haven't had the most success with
this because I kind of found that on
like day four or something, someone may
like your offer, but they're like, "Ah,
I feel like maybe day five is going to
be better. I'm going to wait." Or maybe
day 10 is going to be better. Let me
wait. And then they just never end up
buying. So, it's something I don't know.
It's just kind of a lot, but it is
pretty unique. And then December 17th,
they did like a free shipping cuto off
as well, uh, sort of push right here.
So, this one I'm not as big on just
because there's so much stuff and so
many different offers. I'd like a little
bit more simplicity, but they definitely
were very strong with their offers to
their audience. And then lastly, we had
AG1. So, they're a subscriptionbased
brand, and they really didn't give too
much of an offer. They pretty much ran
the same offer for a month, and it's
their standard sort of offer, some sort
of bundled deal when you subscribe. So,
what they do is on November 13th, they
just had it framed as your winter
wellness kit is here. And it's just when
you subscribe, you get these offers and
freebies. And then they kind of just
like changed the name of it to Black
Friday offer. It's slightly different.
not really a new groundbreaking offer.
And then for Cyber Monday, that same
exact offer, but Cyber Monday. Now, if
you really really don't want to be
pushing discounts, then this is
something that you can do. If you have
some sort of acquisition offer, you
could just stick with that acquisition
offer. Not as fun, but if you can get
creative with your wording, it can be
okay. Something that I also wanted to
point out is a free gift with purchase
on orders above a certain point. It's an
easy bonus that I love seeing brands do.
Here below, we can see Casey right here.
For their period, they did a free tote
bag with purchases above $50 plus. It's
super nice to get your AOV up during
this time period where you are giving
discounts. It's a little extra push for
people to buy from you versus other
brands. If I'm choosing between 25% off
at this brand and 25% off at this brand,
but this brand I also get a little gift
with it, then I'm probably going to go
over here. And bonus points, if we can
make it a giftable product, so someone
could buy something for themsel and then
use your little gift as a stocking
stuffer or something for their friends
or family. Think about picking or
developing a very cheap product you can
give to people for free with their
orders. Especially if you're doing
something basic like 20% off for your
offer. It'll just give it a little bit
of spice. Something like a free gift bag
or a free stocking stuff or gift, a free
travel size version of your hero product
or like something like a free sample
pack for a different product. Something
that I really like and I think it's
great for engagement. So, if I were
running a brand, I would probably follow
the same structure, very similar as what
Breeze ran. Just simple to understand,
not too much going on to where it's
confusing. Kind of like Hydro Flask. We
have strong offers and there's plenty of
urgency built in. But at the end of the
day, you know your brand better than
anyone. I could come on here and tell
you exactly what offer to run, but that
would just do us no good. You know what
offers work for your brand. You know
what your audience would be interested
in. Just use your gut. Give a strong
offer. I just highly recommend using
different offers for the different time
periods. Just make sure it is unique
compared to what you have ran over the
past year to reward your list and add
some freshness. So now that we have our
offers and the structure, let's talk
about our email and SMS execution
strategies and timelines. So we need to
know that the work we do before Black
Friday Cyber Monday with our list is
what pays off. If we want a
record-breaking Black Friday, it's going
to start months earlier. Here's what we
need to be doing in the leadup to Black
Friday Cyber Monday. We need to be
growing our list aggressively. We need a
killer pop-up form. I highly recommend
using the platform Alia. Alia learn
right here for building your pop-ups. We
use them for most of our brands. We
absolutely crush and grow our list like
crazy. You can book a demo call. Just
put that I sent you and you'll get a
little discount. So definitely say that
you sent me. If you try it out, you can
get a free trial as well. Just run paid
ads. Whatever traffic you're getting,
have a banger pop-up form. The bigger
that you have list, the more profit
you're going to make in this time
period. Then we need to fix our
deliverability. If you're not landing in
the inbox, you're not going to be making
money. So, if you aren't getting email
open rates of above 60%, you might need
some help. Start sending now to your
engaged segments only. Focus on opens,
clicks, and replies so that over the
next couple months, you'll slowly repair
your deliverability so that you can land
in the main inbox. So, from this point
on, stop sending emails to your whole
entire list and getting 20% opens.
You're going to be landing in the spam
folder and you're not going to make a
lot of money in Black Friday, Cyber
Monday. And then we need to warm our
audience and not burn them. We want to
send highv value non-discount product
education heading into Black Friday,
Cyber Monday. We want social proof. we
can tease what's coming, but save all
those big discounts. If you're thinking
about running a big discount or
something at the end of October, I would
refrain from that just so that people
are ready to buy for BFCM. And then
super important as well is unsuppress
past profiles in your account who may
still be interested. You could have past
buyers or window shoppers who are
currently suppressed in your Clavio
account. So go through and unsuppress as
many people in your list that you can so
you can have the biggest list possible.
And if you want me to make a video
specifically on how to do that, just let
me know. The goal is just to have a
massive, warm, engaged list so that when
it's time to sell, our emails hit hard.
So, here is an example email and SMS
sending schedule. This is not the time
to send one or two emails for your offer
and then hope for the best. Now, inbox
competition is going to be brutal during
Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Everybody is
sending emails. Your frequency is how
you stay visible and drive your urgency.
This is the time of year to be
aggressive. Yes, you're going to get
unsubscribes. That's okay. We are going
to recuperate our list throughout the
year. We need to go hard in this time
period. So in our early access period of
November 13th and 24th, we want to kind
of have an email every other day. We
don't really need to get too aggressive
here, but ramp up our frequency as the
offer ends. Maybe do some daily emails
at the end, but then urgency as your
closer. Whereas like SMS in this time
period, send three to four well-timed
ones such as a launch, a reminder or
two, and then like a last chance urgency
SMS before we go into Black Friday where
email, we need at least two per day. An
AM launch and PM reminder. Ideally, we
can do three or even four because the
lifespan of an email in Black Friday,
Cyber Monday is very low. If you send an
email in August at 9:00 a.m. There could
be people at 5:00 p.m. who scroll down
in their inbox and they'll still open
your email. But during Black Friday,
Cyber Monday, if you send an email at
9:00 a.m., literally by 11 or 12, that
email is buried and that person is not
going to see your email. So, we need to
send multiple reminders. Whereas SMS, we
want to be sending at least one per day,
ideally two per day. Just keep it
simple, highlight the offer, and have
some urgency. Cyber Monday, very similar
to Black Friday, two per day. And if
you're running a longer like cyber week,
then do one a day in between the launch
and the final call days. And then SMS,
do a launch, a midpoint push, and then a
final hours urgency SMS. Whereas in the
gifting period, just send emails every
other day and sprinkle in two wish SMS
per week. That's really all you need.
And then include urgency SMS on your
shipping cuto off days and shift your
messaging in this period from gifting
bundles and delivery deadlines. So I put
together this sample sending schedule
for you. This is what we're going to be
rolling out for a lot of our brands. to
start off in the month of November. We
kind of have three emails in this week
and then we have a Veterans Day email
before we launch our early access where
we'll start off with an email and an
SMS. We'll send an email every other day
and then roughly like two SMS per week
before we have kind of two emails on
backtoback days going into our early
access closing where we send another
SMS. This is all we need right here.
Wait a day, let our list cool off a
little bit before we launch Black
Friday. We launch it on Wednesday. We're
going to do an AM and a PM email send
and then a Black Friday SMS as well over
Thanksgiving. Now, I like to launch
Black Friday before Thanksgiving because
people are with their families on
Thanksgiving. They're thinking about
gifting and there's a lot of like dead
time periods during Thanksgiving where
people are checking their phone. So, we
want to make sure our offer is live by
then. So, we'll send two Black Friday
emails before we go into actual Black
Friday, Small Business Saturday, and
then Black Friday closing where we're
doing three emails and then two emails
in an SMS every single day. Frequency,
frequency, frequency. And then Cyber
Monday, we're going to be doing two
emails and then an SMS every single day
for this 3-day period before we shift
into gifting. Gifting, just an email
every other day, then an SMS one to
twice per week is good. But just making
sure that we're doing emails on our
shipping cutoff dates right here as well
as an SMS. So we have that here and here
as well. Then mix in some holiday
emails, maybe non-discount email over
here. And then if you have some sort of
like New Year's Eve push or like New
Year, new you push, then you can do this
in this period as well. You can see it
kind of emails every other day, but then
multiple emails on the major days.
That's the schedule that wins and prints
for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. So, I
want to go over some graphic email
content tips because this really is not
the time for long storytelling heavy
emails like it is all throughout the
rest of the year. People are here just
for the offer. So, we want to give it to
them fast and with as little friction as
possible. The best performing Black
Friday, Cyber Monday emails are dead
simple, a bold hero section that clearly
outlines the offer, a strong call to
action, maybe a few featured products
below. Something to also note is if
you're doing long extensive emails,
that's just going to slow down your
production process and put stress on
your team when this is already an
extremely busy time. So, just a couple
tips. Make the offer the hero section.
Make it the biggest thing. Don't get
fancy. Just keep the copy minimal. Then,
we want a single large CTA above the
fold. We ideally don't want the customer
to have to scroll to click your button
to shop onto the website. We want to
keep it light on content. Super simple.
Just highlight the offer and then use
urgency everywhere. So, here are just
some examples. Black Friday one, super
simple. up to 55% off sitewide. Big
button right here. And then a banner
right here. Black Friday starts now. Buy
now save more. And then just lots of
this stuff throughout. And then breeze
save $25 sitewide. Super simple right
here. The one thing is I would like to
put this button way up higher as well as
the discount code. But overall just a
simple email. Buy it right here. Black
Friday green routine. 30% off. Shop
Black Friday. That simple. Feature some
bestsellers. That's it. I like the dark
theme for these Black Friday emails as
well. You can see this as well. A dark
theme. 30% off. Super simple but having
a little bit of fun. Need another reason
to shop Black Friday with us? Here are
three. Notice how it's not a super long
and extensive email. I love this one
from Casey as well. Cyber Monday 50% off
sitewide plus $5 cases. One line of
copy. Shop now. No need to go crazy. And
then here's like a Cyber Monday sort of
themed email up to 55% off. A button
right here. Super simple. And then
highlight the offer down below. Easy,
simple, effective. This is what we want.
And also on top of that, we need to make
sure we utilize our textbased emails
often. Not every Black Friday, Cyber
Monday emails needs to be a heavily
designed email. In fact, our highest
performing emails we've seen during Q4
are these simple textbased sends. These
emails just feel personal. They look
like a onetoone message and not a mass
campaign. Because inbox are flooded with
graphics and blinding colors and promo
banners during Black Friday, Cyber
Monday, a clean strip down email
actually stands out. Best of all, these
plain textbased emails are quick and
easy to put together. Exactly what you
need for like a high pressure scenario.
And so this is what I'm talking about
when I say these plain text emails. You
can see it's literally just text. This
is all we need. It feels super personal.
It's coming from the founder right here.
PS, it's a little bit of life and it's
just so different than the flashing
stuff in your face. This is all of our
best performance last year were these
textbased emails. So, make it come from
the founder. This personal touch will
help you stand out. Just bold your
offers and important info so the
customer doesn't need to like squint
because blocks of copy are hard to read.
People are going to be skimming your
emails. And then just have one clear
CTA. We don't need so many different
buttons. Just keep it super simple and
just shoot for a simple click. And so
notice below how Breeze, for example,
one of the top brands in the space, they
sent eight plain text emails in this
Black Friday, Cyber Monday period
compared to 11 graphic based emails. We
can see textbased right here every other
day. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And then
they doubled up right here. And then
they had some graphic and then text
based, text based. So the top brands are
doing it. You should, too. Don't be
afraid to do that. Also, don't be afraid
to resend the same emails for
efficiency. If you're kind of
overwhelmed by everything that I'm
saying with like the amount of emails
that you need to be sending, people are
receiving so many emails during this
time and they're forgetting what they
see. They're opening all sorts of
different emails. So, if you want to
save creative bandwidth, don't be afraid
to send the same email multiple times.
Your customers really aren't going to
remember. And even if they do remember,
they shouldn't care. You just need
frequency. That's our most important
thing. If you're resending an email,
though, make sure you change your
subject line in preview text cuz then
the customer might actually forget about
it and it seems completely new. You can
also, if you want to, resend specific
emails only to non-openers of your prior
email. And you can create that segment
inside of Clavio just by going to like
whatever campaign you want. Create a
segment. We can say non-openers for
whatever this email is. And then just
say person has received this email at
least once over all time. Add a filter
where the campaign name is whatever the
campaign name you're looking for is.
Then we want to say they have opened
email zero times over all time where it
is that email. So, what this will do is
this will then create the segment of
people who received that email, but they
didn't open it. And then we can resend
that email just to the non-openers if
you want. I recommend just resending to
everybody, though. But if you're worried
about sending people the same emails,
you can do that, too. And so, as far as
SMS content, I'm just going to keep it
super simple. Don't overthink it. It's
super easy. Simply just state your
offer, have some urgency, tell the
customer how to claim their offer,
whether it's a discount code, auto
apply, whatever. Avoid using images and
avoid using super long messages because
that's just going to drive up your cost.
For example, using images in your text
is three times more expensive than just
the plain text. So, just stick to
something like this. Black Friday in
July equals BOGO everything. Buy one get
one free sitewide. Use code BOGO July.
And something like you have early access
to our Black Friday sale starting now.
Save 40%. Use this code at checkout.
Boom. That's all you need. Don't try to
get too creative and you can resend
these. That's what we want to do. Now,
the secret sauce is going to come in
from updating our flows and pop-ups. So,
we want to update our pop-ups for our
Black Friday Cyber Monday offers. Our
pop-ups that collect email and SMS.
You're about to get a ton of site
traffic, the most that you're going to
get compared to any other part of the
year. So, this is your biggest
opportunity to grow your email and SMS
list. Don't just turn off your pop-up.
You're going to be getting a ton of
unsubscribes, too. So, we need new
people coming in. And we can't just have
the same generic pop-up that's given
like 10% off because we have a different
Black Friday offer. With our pop-up, we
just want to clearly feature our Black
Friday Cyber Monday offer and then ask
for the user's email and phone number.
Obviously, you have the discount on your
website, so they don't need to enter
their email and SMS to claim, but if you
put the offer in their face and say,
"Give us your email." You'd be surprised
how many people opt in and then they're
actually going to buy from you more
because now that you have their email in
text message, you're sending them daily
emails. You're sending them daily text
messages. And if they abandon a cart,
you're going to be able to send
abandoned card emails. So, we want to
have a different pop-up for each time
period of early access, Black Friday,
Cyber Monday, and gifting. And just
update those once those offers end. And
so, just match the offer timing
something like this. Add your email,
Black Friday, whatever you got to do.
Keep it simple. Just make sure you have
this popup up. And then also, we need to
be updating our flows. During Black
Friday, Cyber Monday, we can't have the
same flows that we've had year round. We
need to update our flows to highlight
our special offers, be quicker to try to
get impulse purchases and then have a
lot more urgency because these offers do
not last long. So, really, you can turn
off all the flows in your account
besides the welcome flow, site
abandoned, browse abandoned, cart and
checkout abandon, and then the immediate
post-purchase flow. This is a simple
strategy that you can use if you're
sending multiple emails every day. You
really don't need too many emails in
your Black Friday, Cyber Monday flows.
When somebody opts in on the popup, we
want to send them a quick welcome email
with some discount explanation and then
maybe some bestsellers, maybe a quick
spiel on brand information. We want to
have a site abandoned flow here. If
anybody goes to the website and they
don't view any products, they just
surfed around your homepage. We only
want to wait 45 minutes. We want it to
be super quick. Want to mention the
abandonment and then also the Black
Friday deal info with a ton of urgency
for browse abandon and cart and checkout
abandoned flows. Keep these super simple
as well. We just want to email one
nudging, showing the product that they
left behind and then also giving the
discount info and then just really
follow up on a email two with a ton of
urgency 2 hours later absolute last
chance. This is what we recommend for
you. This deal only happens once a year.
And then post-purchase flow, right? When
somebody buys, we want to thank them for
participating in Black Friday, Cyber
Monday and try to get another order to
add something like add to your order
now. This is the best offer all year.
May as well get some gifts for your
friends. Something like this. Super
simple. We just want to update the copy,
have more urgency, and update the time
delay. So we can see like this is a
Black Friday Cyber Monday email right
here. When somebody signs up from the
pop-up form, you just say, "Hey, Black
Friday deal. Two free tubes plus 25%
off." Use this code claim deal. Button
at the top, discount code at the top.
Boom. Little bit of information about
the brand right here. And then another
push for Black Friday offer right here.
And this is like a cart abandon example
from the same brand. Forgetting
something, use this code. The Black
Friday offer is still valid. Here's what
you get. Here's your cart. Shop now.
Custom copy. This is going to convert a
lot better than just having a standard
abandonment email that doesn't mention
the offer. Because if you're like me,
you're shopping all sorts of different
brands on Black Friday and I'm
forgetting the offers. So, in our flows
and abandonments, we need to be
reminding of the offer every single
email. It will massively increase your
conversion rates. And that is the core
strategy. And so, as some final notes,
Q4 is the most important quarter of the
year. You cannot afford to mess it up.
The brands that win aren't just running
the discounts. They're showing up with a
clear offer, a warm email and SMS list,
and a sharp execution plan. So, please,
please, please start building your list
now. Dial in your offers and send more
than you're comfortable with. The
opportunity is massive, but only for the
ones who are ready. Thank you so much.
This doc is going to be in the
description if you want to guarantee a
successful Q4. We went over a lot today.
There's a lot of you need to do to
have a banger Q4. It's overwhelming,
which is why most brands who run Black
Friday, Cyber Monday themselves or with
a mediocre ed a agency end up having
mediocre results. My team of $100
million email marketers are built and
trained to execute on these strategies.
We can guarantee that we would
outperform you and your team if you let
us take care of this all for you. You
don't have to worry about any execution.
We take care of all of it for you. So,
if you're a 7 to9 figure e-commerce
brand are interested, book a call below.
We'll build you a free custom Q4 roadmap
to breaking records you didn't know that
you could. Book a call below and let's
get cooking. Thank you so much for
watching this video. Hit the link in the
description if you want this document
for yourself. I'm going to have some
more videos coming out on Black Friday,
Cyber Monday. So, make sure you be on
the lookout for that and check out this
next video. Tons of value in it. Thank
you so much for watching this and I will
see you in the next